lacks the he, she distinct pronouns.
It's only one in Pilipino, SIA.
That is why many Pilipinos sometimes get he and she mixed up.
Little bit confused.
I like Ricky Martin.
Her music is very good.
Also, because Philippines is a third world,
social class even determines the way you speak English.
The socialites say words like promise,
forever.
Correct, true, kadiri to death.
When I go to Philippines, I love watching TV and all the funny advertisements.
Kuya, germs!
Hindi ah!
Ako, dandrap!
Use head and shoulders, kaya head and scalp healthy.
70 pesos lang.
People ask me why I am able to speak like this.
And I tell them, even though I was born in Canada,
I used to speak like this when I was very small.
I learned English from my parents.
Pero, but, in grade 4, I learned to speak with a proper accent
so that I could fit in and the kids wouldn't make fun of me.
But, I never lost it.
Anyway, there are 171 native languages in Philippines.